You
What it is Hollywood
We get Zach Kiefer up there laying down the sexy beats. Let's give it up for Zach
I am your humble come shoulder Jeff Davis
Harmontown is once again in session. Let's give it up for Spencer Crittenden
And your glorious mayor is Dan Harmon
Oh, oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Going underground look at what I found I've been the lost and found I got a puppy pound
I got a million pounds coming up your mama's pussy at the break of dawn
I'm gonna mow the lawn
You're gonna mow the lawn
Okay, thank you for coming everybody
It's a it's a it's a mellow evening. We knew we were in trouble when Steve Levy did his
A little his little walkabout out here kind of looked at his watch. It's kind of like I was watching him on the monitor
I'm like that's a guy that wants a little bit of applause
Yeah, and yet and you guys are like fuck you start the show
But yet the vodka is still not out here. That's cuz he didn't get that little pop
Yeah, you think he's gonna like give it up now
Yeah, so what if I went back there and got the vodka out for you when I get stabbed by Steve Levy
I'm more worried about them. You know, yeah, it's like Levy can have whatever he wants, you know, because he's kid
The world is oyster. He's a millennial
Question is what's up there ass like what is it was it was it a tough night tough tough in line?
It's just a late late late start
I asked him for a pen and paper and I got an envelope with butterflies
Eat an envelopes paper. She's 828. That's what that explains. Yeah, yeah, man
Sorry for the late start. We had some technical stuff. You were told we were we were driving home from Northern California
We got stopped at a fruit inspection and we lost Dan for two hours
Cuz I'm gay
I'm saying you're a delicious you're a delicious fruit. You're like a you're like a nectarine
And gay it's okay, it's all right to be a gay nectarine then this is probably a shitty theater to sit in for a half hour
Like you got popcorn and whatnot. You got that I mean that's that's the thing you get the popcorn and then you're like goddamn
I'm thirsty
And then they're like would you like a la Croix another one? They're three dollars. He wants a water
I got a free water and anybody thirsty
You got one that one guy has one, okay?
I'm thirsty, you know, I got all the water I want back there. I had two la Croix
You think la Croix bad for you if you drink like let's say if you knew a guy who drinks like 18 a day
They're they're bad for you. If you like things that taste good. Oh
Hashtag cold take
How are you Spencer? Oh, I'm great
I was at I was at this restaurant the other night and
In the middle of it the music completely changed and got really really loud and some emcee of sorts was like
Well, everybody we're about to welcome the other Samba dancers and then two
Samba dancers came out and we're just standing in front of the table not standing they danced out
and we're dancing in the front of the table about 10 feet from where I was and it's just the music was was
Unending and it was just so loud and it's like I don't want to look at this because it just seems like a
Spectacle that I don't want to be a part of and I never asked for and I was just looking to eat
You know and it was just it was just a mess and I was just stewing and everyone else was having a fun time
They were taking videos and laughing and stuff. You know, are you whole foods? I was at home
I was at whole food and Chuck E. Cheese. I was at the hot case. You know, they have this barbecue
This barbecue hot case. It's great. They got like lobster Mac
I gotta write my notes down on a butterfly envelope now. There's like what the fuck nobody gives a shit anymore
I mean, it's like it's like, you know, old Uncle Harmon pulled away everyone's pension, you know
Now everybody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's kissing anymore ass like they used to we can't afford notebooks
Okay, we got true colors coming out from I used to bring my own. Yeah, I gave up. I stopped bringing my
So this is on you. Yeah, you don't have the tools that you used to bring
I'm saying is there paper the answer was yes, Jeff
Is there something you'd like me to take a note about because he writes down good names my modified stylus galaxy note 10 plus
Oh, what are you talking about leave me with a vodka? Oh
Don't encourage him. He'll not encourage this
Thank you, Steve
For my butterfly note. Yeah, okay
Why do you have a samsung device, huh? Is it fun?
Yeah, I got this because I miss the old eyeharmon and
I want to I'm gonna fit this with a lanyard and I'm gonna wear it around my neck
No, you're not and I'm gonna remain an iphone user because I don't want to be one of these green bubble people
But I'm just gonna have this around my neck
Because society's left me no choice because there is no such thing as an electronic notepad that is the size of a notepad
There's a million brands of like $30 electronic notepad or baby's first notepad like they're all like eight inches 12 inches
The smallest one I could find is I think called like a moba script or something and it looks everything
It looks like I look like a deaf person from the 1800s like if I wear it around my neck
No offense to the 1800s
Like I'm just saying like it's like a certain dimension of thing
You just look like you look like lora engels wilder and like a very special little house like uh
But you know and this is gonna look
Totally cool
It'll look fine. It's pretty hot
But I think I could take like I think what I can do is I can go I can take like a mead spiral notebook cover
I put it over like I don't know I could make my own custom case
So that it just looks like a guy why does have to be right here neck because I need to as quickly as possible
Perhaps while in the middle of a conversation, but you ain't got time to reach into that pocket
No, you want it to be right right by your sternum in your sifoid process. Yeah, that's correct. Did you want the answer to your question?
Yes
Yeah, because that is correct. It's a matter of milliseconds. Like it's a matter of like hey, jeff take a quick note with your
iPhone. I want you to make a quick note of something about what?
Oh, don't forget, uh, I have Dr.
Javago's showing at the arc light Tuesday while you asked me I reached in my pocket and pulled out
Well, yeah, don't forget to turn it on don't forget to find the fucking app
Don't forget to thumb javago in after the after the seven autocorrects where it says do you mean zimbabwe?
Like oh and the entire time you're doing it
I think you're a tool because it looks like you're tweeting or texting. What was your question about dr. Javago?
I didn't have fucking questions. You did and then you interrupted the fucking answer
There
I want to be able to eliminate the barriers the answer is taster neck between my thoughts and
Containing david lee
So you pull this out. This is my sharif the samsung galaxy note 10 plus. I know all the answers to that shit
It's a thousand dollar electronic notepad
You think about getting that fold one the one that folds it folds and you gotta get that fold
What spencer damn doesn't have time to open up an item
Well, you know
Milliseconds count it has to be unfolded before he even is asked a question. No, I mean I agree 100% with that
That's the reason I used to carry like a moleskin, you know
The s-pen was not fast enough for me. So I super glued a little nipple to it
What does that do it makes it faster to because I like push you push on the s-pen
It's like flush with the bottom and then you gotta like dig it out with your thumbnails
Like what's the point of that? I click so I super glue a little nipple to it
The cool thing about the galaxy note 10 plus. I don't know if like galaxy note 10 9 plus
Had this already but
I'm pleased with the technology now because they've finally managed with a thousand dollars of electronics to actually
Surpass a regular notebook because you don't have to turn a page
But you can do everything else
You pick it up. You take the fucking pen out as soon as you do it goes into a mode that you can write any kind of
Fucking aids shit, whatever. No, it's whatever
And and then you can give your phone. I didn't have to do anything
But take the pen out as with a regular thing and then when I put it back in it saves it goes back to sleep
Boom, bam
Hell yeah, congratulations samsung you've beaten the fucking 1950s notebook
Finally god damn it with this technology. It's like it's like it's like nobody ever nobody ever makes anything for me
You know there goes a million kinds of like there's a you know
They got the technology necessary to make an interactive whiteboard that stores all of your the prices of breaking a story
I could have I you know how much you know how much magic's going on up here that's everyone missed out on
I'm like semi-retired now. No one's ever going to know how I did what I did
All right, but they could
God, they'd be so excited. Have you have you tried writing things down on butterfly envelope?
I can't do it
I can't do it because then I'll have a butterfly envelope with some shit written on it
And then it's like oh, what should I take a photo of this bring it into an app that scans it with ocr
And fucking like turns that into text. It's like go blow it out your ass world. What? Yeah
All right, there's no guests tonight
Or you think like molly shannon's gonna walk out after all this like
Yeah
It was weird at first, but lauren's okay sometimes
Someone go do do do uh, no you get nothing. No, it's not true. Damn. It's not true
We made these people wait for half hour before we came out
We're gonna get these mother fuckers the greatest Harmontown that they've ever seen
Whoa
I say and I I put this in spencer's court
Spencer did not bring any character sheets but spencer. What if we just played some full-on d&d right now?
What if we really like like really just knuckled down?
Like like what could we remember everything that we need to know? I know you can't but we could play without having that
Okay, or you could use me
The memory sprite
Oh, shit memories bright. It's me memories bright memories bright your voice is higher than last time
You remembered
You're welcome
Memory sprite. Oh, come back home, bitch. Wait
No, no dog
Come on
Nah, come on now
Come on motherfucker
Get back in the car. No
No, I don't I don't gotta do nothing
Get in the fucking car
Or the car will get in you
What's that mean? Oh
Ah, take it take the car
Ah
This is a night to remember
You'd know
I can't stay mad at you
memory sprite senior
Wait, it's his dad. I was your dad the whole time. This has been incest pouring my favorite
Yay
One billion porn hub users can't be wrong
So it wasn't just incest for no, no, it was just incest pouring but but underneath the guys of two cars fucking
Well, I know they there was there was one guy fucking another guy with a car
Using a car is like a marital aid, but you said it was
It was senior it was uh memory sprite senior
I don't know. How do you picture memory sprite? You think he's a car? I I don't think so. I mean, I'm not telling you how to imagine
If you pictured a car fine
I pictured like a little tinkerbell, but like uh kind of an androgynous tinkerbell
And then was fucked by a fatherly car and they well I pictured like a just a dude pulling up in a car
Going like getting the car. So this wasn't car base at all. It was just straight incest pouring
Car was played a pivotal role
But it wasn't like a character. Oh, they weren't they weren't like Voltron. They weren't they were they were they weren't they weren't cars themselves
Well, they were like Voltron in a way
Yeah, I mean, yeah
They did there were parts that the women interlocked together to form a different thing
But it wasn't really a defender of the universe. It was uh, it was a sprite with a car up his ass
Uh
I mean today, I'll do it again, but with Foley work. So you understand what's happening. All right, because maybe I was
Walk us through it. So there's no it's me the memory sprite
Hey extra extra get your pizzas over here. I got the pizza in the newspaper. We're in new york
Um, it's me. I'm on the sidewalk. I'm the memory sprite
Hey get get oh get in the car
I like to I like to play on the radio. I'm a rap music
Godness radio in the car
Getting the car
Wait, is the car talking or is the guy driving the car the car has rap music coming out of it
Okay, but the the get in the car boys is as a human being in a
Yeah, okay getting the car that I'm driving that I just put in park
Don't make me open this door
Just open a little bit to show you I mean business
Closed it
No, come on. No, it's senator. It's senator
You can dog. I'm putting the car up your ass
Pull down your pants
Oh
There goes the car. What are you writing down here? What are you writing down?
I
Even I know this isn't noteworthy to
To my discredit I haven't written enough down. I wrote down memory sprites
Uh, so the guy driving the car has another car that he put inside the car that he puts in your ass
You're making it so complicated. There's a guy in a car. It's just like anybody puts the car that he's driving in your ass
Yeah, he said he said because he said get in the car where I'm going to put the car in you
Okay, okay. Go ahead. Here's to you. It's like what when my dad used to say like I'll give you something to cry about
Or don't make me take my belt off, right, you know
So go ahead put the car in you so chapter two
Of memory sprite gets pulled over by a guy in a car. Well that way. I mean, okay. All right later that night
I'm almost ready. Okay
You know
Some crazy shit going on with this Ukraine shit
What I can't hear you. I'm just I need to hydrate hydrate
My pores
With cucumber slices
Nothing just reading the news
Come on. I'm horny pause. Oh
I I hit I hit pause on this. Okay. Where is memory sprite right now in the bathroom?
Okay, not in the car up about no, okay, the establishment didn't you hear the crickets?
That's clearly an establishing shot of like a sprite and so am I getting this right?
But the memory sprite seniors Dracula is what I'm getting from this
Uh, where'd you get that that just isn't that I I inferred the wrong thing. Oh, I
Cucumbers or what? Yeah
Why why don't a vegetable patch? Are they so comfortable together now that they're just going to spend the night together at a
At a Holiday Inn Suite or and what's going on?
Yeah, I think they live together and the the he's he's in bed reading like his ipad. He's checking out the news
They live together, but he's like does feed six sixteen things famous people did they haven't tried anymore
But memory sprite was in a car up a but at one point before this right. That was chapter one. Yeah, that was
Chapter one. Okay. Now they're home. Oh, oh home, but I thought they were at a Holiday Inn
No, I I inferred that I implied that. Well, it was very obvious by the text
But did they did they know each other when they met when the car pulled up and said their father and son
But you didn't find that out until the very end
Okay, that was the bloat of chapter one
Father and son
Go ahead chapter three
I like chapter two
Memory sprite graduated college
There's a college at the Holiday Inn
Do you memory sprite take this diploma to be your lawfully
earned degree in
In sastre what uh, why didn't they play here comes the bride instead of a common circumstance?
That wasn't was it no
Here is your master's degree
I think I'm pretty sure you you went
Well, you might have a lot of what he did well that wasn't pop in circumstances
Is
Chapter five holy shit chapter five
Chapter four is mostly just kind of like you know being married to high school
Chapter five is the is the final chapter of this book gentlemen
This cartel has suffered enough indignities
For two reasons
memory sprite
And his incestuous father
memory sprite senior
chipote
Chipotle. Yeah, it's like I all research it later, but it's like placeholder dialogue for authentic latinx like profanity
I don't want to be offensive. So I'm gonna farm it out to somebody. Okay, like they'll get a big credit everybody wins fuck off
um, and uh
Yeah, that's the cold open like they throw a knife into a into a board in a tent and it's got like memory sprite's face on it
and then you push in on that image and it's like
do do do do
memory sprite and his incestuous father in
memory sprite and incestuous father end game
Um, and then and then it kind of builds to like
And it's like brooklyn
And uh memory sprite finishes. Can we hear the the rest of that song?
The
Brooklyn when I want to get off the bqe and go and find for something to eat
I'll see get the 405 to the three way. I'm gonna feel alive on third street. I'm going up fifth avenue
Broadway what you're gonna do I saw cats yesterday. I'll see boyka Mormon tonight
I'm from new york doing it right
East coast every borough statin island queens brooklyn brocks
mississippi
Uh
Okay, yeah, okay. Yeah
Uh, thanks for and thanks for
It's not often that the fifth chapter of something gets a cold open. Yeah
Thanks for helping me make that basket dad
Had no problem
Let's make love
What are you gonna use this time it's the fifth chapter
Let's just say i'm having an empire state of mind
Oh, no, not the world's tallest building before nine after 9 11 also before
Before uh, come on
I I promise not to make it up again
I have to get it up my ass. Okay. It's up there. Yeah empire state building up my ass. Yeah, you like it. Yeah, okay
Uh, look out
Oh, oh shit. Oh wait, you should do a mislead. Oh, I'm just glad everyone's still alive
Oh
All right, you need a better mislead than I come on dad. Let's get back to the
Dad
Son
Oh
Did I get to put stuff up your butt this time?
Yeah, you did
I know you're lying
son
Promise me you'll find these sons of bitches and make them pay
Hey
Closing credits music
Okay
Yo
Memory spray the credits are rolling. My name is mc credits. I'm rolling
Wrapping back the movie you saw
recapping it
Arkansas
I'm mr. Credit rapper
I have rapping about the movie credit rapper best boy
super grip
Tatering what a trip
No animals harmed. Yeah, right. I fucked your mama so hard the other night got a credits rolling
Credits rolling mr. Rappany rapper credits rolling. Oh, but funny deleted clip
uh
What Seth Rogen? What are you doing in this scene?
I don't know. That's not really traditionally you don't have like like like clips where an actor just popped by it
But I did what I could on the fly. All right. Yeah, so thanks for thanks Jeff for teeing me up for all that
Man, so I just watched the second Adams family movie you guys
These guys are fucking twisted
Like morticia Adams
She gives birth and like during labor. She's like into it
Which I was like I was the whole movie. I was thinking about that. I'm like that's so funny like when do you ever see
You know pregnancy and the birth giving process is like pleasurable at night. Like she's like, yeah
I'm loving this because you know usually someone's screaming bloody murder or it's like kind of done in in uh, what do you call it?
Like uh without any words, you know, you just hear music because non spooky
Uh women when they give birth they're like, oh, this is scary. It's painful and I don't like it. She's like, oh
I'm gonna love it ripped up. I love everything that hurts. Yeah. I love childbirth. That's a really that's foggy, man
No, that's it's funny. It's funny. It's like, oh, I love childbirth because it hurts. Yeah
Because that's how well there's a child, but then did she look at the baby and go?
Gross, I think she does. Yeah
I think they do that. It's so innocent and then the and then the the the Dracula doctor's like, but it could end up like murder
And she's like, okay
Then I love it and then I love it as much as cold soup
That's your name cold soup
Yeah, that's what happens. It's a great. It's a great film
And then and then uh, uh gomez comes in and goes honey
I just heard the polar ice caps are melting. Oh good
Yes, this global warming is really the cat's pajamas because they just love bad stuff. Yeah, it's it's so good. Yeah
They're like, uh, the kids are trying to kill the baby and it's horrifying, but the baby doesn't die
And so then it's fine and not horrifying
They probably can't die
Yeah, more or less it like stops at guillotine with its bare hand
What it's like a superhero baby because otherwise it would die and that would be horrible
Otherwise they'd just be killing a baby on do you think that's how the the thing not the thing thing
They're their hand character. The maybe that that was one of their first kids and like
Pugsley and
Wednesday, what's your name Wednesday that they successfully they put it in guillotine and it reached up with his hand
But it didn't have steel skin
So it just got its hands covered and then they're like, what are you doing? Did you kids murder your your our baby?
We had to
Come here. You wonderful kids. I love murder because we're adam's take after my your dad or whatever
Well, we'll just put the hand in a box
And it'll be our friend. What's uh, what's uh, what's pugsley's deal in this movie? He's like a mean kid
he's he's often he's often uh
Uh, a victim of Wednesday's sadistic schemes, right?
But the but does he have a power does he know he's just kind of a
He's a dumb. He's like dumb his main his main thing. He's like dumb
He can he can he can he can like dangle weights from his pierced dick
He's really they don't they don't show that in the movies because he's like a kid in the movies. Yeah
But in the comic book in the Alan Moore original material
He's like 30 and he works at a carnival
And he he does like body modifications. He fucking loves sounding. He can't get enough sounding. What is that?
Wait, what is that? I think it's when you you like insert rods into your urethra. Oh
Pugsley loves that's too far
No, it's painful. You just made a father fuck a child with a car
But not a rod
I don't like that rod. No, isn't that uncomfortable to think about too much true crime?
Yeah, there's too many true crime stories with uh, yeah, it's like there was like some guy that like tortured kids
It was like that
How much weight then do you think and like let's say like
Am I gonna gain yeah, how much weight?
Like in kilograms or pounds. Do you think you could dangle from your dick? Oh
I don't think I feel like zero like I don't I don't I don't feel like even a pound
Like I don't let's say you had a very comfortable rod already in there. I don't that was nice
That was like structurally like sterilized and good to go
You could like you could put like like, you know a couple ounces on that probably I don't I don't think so
I could do like maybe two pounds. I feel you think you're gonna shoot. I think I can maybe
Well, how long are we talking?
Like is that all day because I don't know I I think
I think five five seconds. Yeah, I think two pounds the time doesn't matter
It's not like a slowly rip your dick off like right. That's what I'm saying
Oh, I know I I'm just like like like no like the problems that are gonna happen are gonna happen right away
And so I'm like no no pounds no no pounds
Uh, what about you Jeff? Let's say that you
Could cure leukemia if you dangled five pounds of weight off your cock
For 15 seconds. I'd do that. I'm not letting you this is a gotcha question
You you'd rather let people die of leukemia. There's children out there day
I didn't say that I didn't say that and your dick is so precious to you that you couldn't dangle five pounds of weight off of it
I don't I don't I'm not buying into your scenario. I think leukemia is caused by disingenuous friendships
Oh
All right, uh
I'd like to bring up our first guest. Timmy. Uh, no
He could have made it today
Either because I refused to mutilate myself or because Jeff
Um, yeah, well moving right along got a lot of show to get through here tonight. So let's keep it moving
Uh, Jeff, what does your envelope say so far? It says well, it's not a whole lot
It says memory sprite and father
Dangle weights from his penis. Hey, you wrote that down. I
I usually write just things down you just write him down and you but then did you write it down before you set it?
No, I write it down and think later on if it's a callback
Like I can look at the thing but right now I'm too dazzled by the fact there's butterflies everywhere
And so normally I have a lot more notes than than just those two things
Did you you guys know about the feral hog?
I gotta shoot like the guy that had to shoot he had to murder 30 to 50 feral hogs in the space of five minutes or something
Well, anybody listen to that podcast reply all
Yeah, that's kind of fun. What happened? Uh, well, there was this kind of I don't know if you call it a meme
There was like a trope a thing a phenomenon
On online where like there was some there was some assault rifle talk going on on twitter
And then there was a guy no one needs an assault rifle. Who needs an assault rifle?
And then someone's tweeted and said a question for
rural
America
How do I deal with the 30 to 50 feral hogs that run into my yard?
Well, my two to three children are playing every 10 minutes or whatever the fuck something really specific
And everybody was like having a gas with it because it was kind of silly
It just seemed like a guy that was just making up a reason why you wouldn't need an assault rifle
And he was but but but then the reply all podcast, which is which is really great. It's a great podcast like
It as it as it always does like it just went down the rabbit hole of that story first
Contacting that guy who as always on reply all turns out to be a wonderful human being who's like totally gets why it's funny
He's like it's like he's like do you understand why everyone like was like retweeting it Megan was like, yeah
No, it's a it's a it's a ridiculous tweet like I was I was like what's ridiculous to you about it's like
Well, it's just the first of all 30 to 50 is a weird number
Like he ran down the whole thing. It was like they but but also the guy was like, you know
It's like oh shit this feral hog thing is a real thing and he did have that experience basically he didn't have an assault rifle
um
But he was just sort of like in the moment. He was like from his own life experience is like saying
Here's a reason you'd need an assault rifle
And and then and then so then the episode continues to just go into this whole feral hog thing which is fucking
fascinating
So the spaniards when they came when they when they were conquist adoring or whatever like they would they would like
Conquering is that problematic
Um, they would I guess it was like a a medieval thing to like you would bring pigs with you
And this is already cool like
Like like this is such this is such weird like
Minecrafty kind of like what was it modern-ish kind of thinking like the
guys who were in the business of of like colonial imperialistic just like fucking world
Paving like they would just bring
Hogs with them because they fuck like rabbits and they're they turn everything they eat into bacon which you and and so they
You just take a couple pigs with you when you get on a ship
And wherever you land if there's a forest you kick their little asses out of the boat
You know, they're gonna go fuck and like raise like the pigs are like the fastest reproducing
mammals or something like that which I find astonishing and uh
And the way they describe it is like they basically do all the foraging
You would otherwise have to do and they turn every acorn leaf insect. They turn it all into one big mobile fucking pork unit
Um, and and and and they wouldn't um
They wouldn't build pens
mobile
Jeff's writing it down
I want to see the day when that comes in handy when somebody like stumbles up to you on a sidewalk
Goes like what did he say about that and you're like this is mobile pork unit
Um, he's getting a little little little creased up envelope in your in your in your pocket
But but I just think that's fascinating because particularly it's um, it's not what we associate with like agrarian society
It was like they would let the pigs they wanted them to flourish
Right, so it was like it was a sort of like you let the pigs out into the wild
And then you start conquist adoring knowing that wherever you go
As you're looking for your fountains of youth or whatever the fuck you're doing like that
You've now seeded this land with these mobile fucking pork units. You're just gonna run across them
They're easy to hunt. They've they've turned everything into port and you just go
And you and you just eat it and then you keep moving. I I just find like so like
Like
Disgustingly human like it's such a beautiful thing and now we're suffering for it like all these centuries later these are
There's there's like there was a sort of like dormant pig population
Um, and here's the craziest most ironic thing about it
So so that when the feral pig problem suddenly starts to blossom in the united states
The first instinct given our lessons we've learned from the passenger pigeon and thing you just go
This is easy. We know what to do open season on feral pigs have added america and uh, a little problem there like, uh
Uh, cunts are also killing pigs is like
It's if you're if you're down for killing like it is the
Open season on pigs is like way cooler than open season on pigeons
Like like you get to now take quarter sticks of dynamite and create booby traps where pigs are flying in the air
You you get to pop in a helicopter and have a headset and just go
Brrrrrrrrrr. Um, like they fuck so fast. They're ready to fuck again in six months after they're born
Um, and they're like the but here's the crazy irony to it
The reason they're spreading out of control is because it's legal to hunt them and it's fun to hunt them for some people
like tourists and things like there's a thriving business and industry
it's kind of like the poaching thing where it's like
There are people in the world who never want these things to go extinct because they now
have a way to make lots of money, i.e. charging tickets to bring you along to fuck up pigs
and your weird jigsaw, sociopathic tendencies.
I know a couple chefs that they pay to go out and hunt wild boar so they can get boar
bacon and render boar fat.
There are farmers out there whose videos are almost indistinguishable from the horrible
kind of guys who are laughing with glee as they're blowing up these pigs, but the difference
is there are farmers out there who wish they were just all gone and who are not enjoying
killing thousands of them a week going out four nights a week at three in the morning
on three wheelers with assault rifles going on and just night vision and apparently these
things are so smart you can't trap them the same way twice.
If you trap a pig and another pig sees it, no other pig is ever going to fall for that
trap.
It sounds like a joke, but it's like if they build a house out of straw, another one's
got one made out of brick the next day, it's crazy.
They tried introducing wolves into the wild and now we just got homeless pigs, that's
it.
You have a bunch of dudes with guns running around killing pigs, but they're breeding
faster.
Well, also, these guys, but it's like that's the super irony to me is like they, like the
guy in Jurassic Park 3, it's like they abscond with fucking pigs, like they breed them and
they spread them.
Because they're bread and butter, pork is their bread and butter.
Here's something crazy, here's how huge the problem is Jeff.
PETA and the national feral hog genocide enthusiasts, I don't know what they're called, like the
American Farmers Association who are suffering the brunt of this infestation, PETA and those
guys are arm in arm.
Just because even PETA is like, this madness has to stop and it has to stop in the most
humane way possible.
They lobby together, that's how fucked up the situation is.
And there are people that are like, let's poison them all, but to poison a thing that
is like the size of a human means, what are you going to use?
How much rat poison are you going to put?
And then it's like this crazy thing.
And that's actually the point we've gotten to, that's the end of the story is that actually
even the people that are environmentalists who are like, if you poison these pig population
enough to try to wipe them out, it means poisoning the earth around them, it means poisoning
the entire biosphere, everything that eats those carcasses, all the plant life.
And those people are even saying at this point, it's the only practical alternative to what
could actually be a really serious human impacting thing.
So the story compares it to the decision to do chemo, where you're just like, I'm just
going to attack myself with something that kills everything and maybe won't kill me as
much as it kills this thing because the feral pig problem is like that real, crazy.
This has been me recapping a podcast you should listen to.
Now you don't have to listen to that episode.
It's our new segment called Mobile Pork Units, I read it down so I could remember.
Some people, Cody at one point said, you know, we drink too much LaCroix and like it's got
like insecticide in it or something.
I said, that sounds like fucking garbage talk.
What is it?
It's like flavored with oil, essential oil, citrus things or something and everything
that has citrus in it has pesticides in it, I guess, I don't know.
So it's like, I think I'm drinking 12 cans of water, but really I'm drinking 12 cans
of water with a little pesticide in it.
Big deal.
You got to get it somewhere.
BFD.
You got to get your pesticide something.
Yeah.
Can I get a LaCroix out here?
I got a craving.
Like I just I'm addicted to LaCroix.
What flavors do you like it on?
I like them all.
You're gnawing on that lime.
Yeah, I mean, I like lime.
I don't want, I don't want to pick a favorite flavor of LaCroix because I'm afraid then
I'll be like, oh, Barry, you know, passion fruit, man, what even is a passion fruit?
It's me.
Oh, no, memory sprite.
He checked his notes, those notes, the notes came in handy.
For all hogs, for all hogs, I like when environmentally there's a pest that was brought in by accident,
like, like the Spanish brought in like hogs or like, and they terrorize the countryside.
So they go, oh, what you do is you bring in a bunch of snakes and the snakes go fucking
crazy and start killing everything.
And then you go, you know, you need condors and then the condors are supposed to kill
the snakes.
But the condors sleep at night when the snakes are out killing everybody.
And then you have to go, then you have to get a bunch of hunters to go kill the condors
because they're eating every fucking, everything else.
Yeah, I like when people just don't think ahead and everything's just gone to shit.
I like that.
Yeah.
I love that.
Like, what's the one like, they're like in Australia or New Zealand?
Kento.
Toads.
Yeah.
And then they brought in like a marsupial, like, like a fucking something to go eat them.
But like, no, but they're nocturnal.
So while one's asleep, the other one's awake, like, now everything's fucked.
Can you imagine what it takes?
Then you got to bring in Richard Attenborough, everything's fucked now in Australia.
Yeah.
Imagine what it takes to destabilize the Australian biosphere, like where 70% of everything is
a poison spider.
Also, they don't even know what a knife is.
I mean, some people do, but I would think you could introduce anything from the world
to the Australian biosphere, and it would bounce off like a ping pong ball, like, oh,
no, I can't.
There's poison spiders here.
Like, but no, some, some fucking toad like is wreaking havoc on I think it's like the
opposite where they have they have several problems caused by several invasive species
and it's like every one of those just really hit the ground running and now it's fucked.
Because like the Galapagos, like they're like a macro Galapagos where it's like they're
so isolated that they have key and tumbler kind of like evolution going.
Marsupials, case in point, the fucking giant rat with human biceps that like knock on your
patio door.
God damn those YouTube videos.
Yeah, that's boy.
Get the fuck out of here.
Get out of here.
Get the fuck out.
Yeah, fuck.
What?
It's like the fucking like seven foot fucking rat monsters that are just like banging on
their glasses.
Like if you type it into YouTube, there's just like seven videos and it's just like everyone
just reacts the same way.
They're like, ah, you again, get the fuck out of here.
Get out of here.
I'm sick and tired of you.
You're sick and tired of fucking Pennywise.
Like that's fucking great.
You get this guy's got spiders that crawl up the wall with birds in their mouths.
It's unfair.
Dinkum unfair.
Dinkum that was in your notes, a like that hit might still got it.
You still got it nine eleven nine eleven.
We're burning through this episode if I get you know what Spencer?
You know what?
These colors do run.
Whoa.
Man kangaroos look like fucking werewolves.
I always forget new rule.
Forget it.
Let's forget Spencer without character sheets without anything.
Let's play D&D and you're going to have to walk us through it and give us a you're going
to be freestyling.
You don't have a you don't have a dungeon chart.
I don't have a dungeon.
I might have some notes on my phone.
That might be some relevant stuff.
You guys be down for a little freestyle D&D because we're running short on time.
The shot clock is ticking on Harmontown right now.
I think I think it's going to be our few opportunities to play a little D&D.
I'll I'll tee up some Spencer music.
Wait, hold on.
I might be able to play play something on your jack.
Can I do that?
That's what she said.
What?
Yeah.
Do you need my jack?
I have.
I have a recap song.
Wait, you can play it?
Oh, shit.
We could play.
We have the technology to play a recap of our last session.
Oh, well, allegedly, I just said that and now it's going to shit the bed.
I'm drawing a little guy on my galaxy note.
Mobile pork units.
That's not right.
My phone hasn't updated.
We've got the D&D on the recap.
Who hit who with the sword plus 10?
Who's going for a back of holding again D&D D&D.
Who's going down to the dungeon tonight?
Who saw a dragon?
Who's looking for a fight?
What's your character's name?
Berlin.
What's my character's name?
Chad.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you.
D&D.
Pilot gold.
I got my sword and it's got two barrels and a trigger Woody Harrelson is coming up.
He's coming up in me.
Double tap.
Zombieland 2.
Wow.
Yeah.
I agree.
We should bring out Steve Levy as Diarrhea Jr. shouldn't we?
Steve Levy.
You got the same color shirt.
Oh, damn.
Is that me?
Could be.
Really could.
I could work on Venice Beach.
How's this?
I remember that this Jew fro I got going on.
You didn't, you haven't really made any comments about it.
It's really unruly.
I wish I was Jewish so I could just say Jew, Jew, Jew all the time.
I just want to say everything to Jew.
I'm a Jew.
It sounds so dirty.
It's not really fro-y though.
It's just, it's just bushy.
It's not like, you're not fro-y.
Give me some of that Jew food, mom.
I don't.
What's your favorite Jew food, Steve?
Do you like a latke?
What do you like?
Yeah, like a latke and applesauce.
A nice, you know, pastrami, corned beef sandwich.
Your Jew fro is kind of like, it's molded.
Like, are you trying to do something with it?
No, I just think it's wavy.
It has a mind of its own.
It's wavy and thick.
I don't think you're fro-ing out.
Are you just going to?
Tomorrow morning it will be.
I think you need to tease it.
No, I'm wrong.
I think it's fro-y.
I think it's nervous.
If you're not pressing it in a helmet shape in the morning,
then what you have is hair that's been trained for 30 years
to be ashamed of itself for living free.
And so it's like trying to make, it's like, don't cut me.
I can wear a helmet all day.
Take it off.
Hour later, this.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
It's like your hair, it looks kind of molded.
Like a Play-Doh thing.
It's not like Matt Stone.
Right, yeah, yeah.
Like, just like free.
It's the same way every day.
Like a poofy.
This will look different tomorrow.
It could be parted.
You can see my scalp.
Maybe you should let it keep going
so it can get its spirit back.
So it's not like Clark Kent with half a cape on.
I see you just, you let it really just go
and be like Leo Sayre or Gabe Kaplan.
Yeah.
Just big ass.
Let it start dreading up.
Yes.
That's a Leo Sayre reference.
Thank you, nobody.
How does that, how did dreadlocks work?
How do you get dreadlocks?
I don't know.
Is there a technique or is it just like a natural thing
that happens?
It's a technique.
You put mud and stuff?
I have a photo of me with dreadlocks in high school.
I'm just a white dude with dreadlocks and it's not cool.
Well, okay.
So then you know how you get.
How do you do it?
Salt water, like I was like a body border
and so just sand and salt and neglect.
So it just happened naturally?
Yeah, but also like my hair gets long.
I have nervous energy.
So I bite my nails, but also like I'm constantly
twisting my hair when it gets long.
Okay.
So when it's got salt and sand in it,
it just wants to kind of knot up a little, you know.
Okay.
But it's something you kind of halfway,
you're sort of like, I think I'll do this now.
Like you're like, I'm doing this anyway.
And then you just did this a lot.
Don't do it.
I didn't say I was going to do it.
I was just curious about how it works.
Are we actually...
No, Dan, do it.
Get dreadlocks.
What if that was your weird midlife crisis
where you just said, fuck it.
I got one dreadlocks.
I probably got six months left for dreadlocks being possible.
I guess that would be a practical thing to do.
Also, your midlife crisis,
what are you going to be, a fucking hundred?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Okay.
You could do it.
Your midlife crisis choices have to start like right now.
Yeah.
But dreadlocks would be fun for you.
You're in the pool all the time.
You have a workout thing on your Instagram.
Getting complicated relationship with my hair
because it's going away.
And I'm like, I never liked you.
But like, come back.
Wait, are you getting bald?
Are you getting bald or just kind of gradually ceding?
Oh, yeah.
No, I'm definitely...
That's all going away.
Yeah.
Do you have the male pattern thing on the back?
But a beautiful beard.
Thank you.
Your beard is luscious.
Yeah.
It's like the rivers of the Orinoco.
Beards are just pubic hair in your face.
I mean, it's not like, oh, he can grow a beard.
Well, yeah, he's dying.
You know?
I can't grow a beard.
I've never had a good beard.
I have facial hair, but it's patchy.
And like, I look like Johnny Depp on a bad weekend.
Are we actually playing D&D?
Yeah.
Spencer, what you got?
Do we have that song?
We play it.
Or it's not a song, but it is.
You guys ready?
Here we go.
The town of...
You found the town of Potos Donos, the farming village.
There's about...
It's not much of a farming village.
There's like six farms, and there's only a handful of people.
You haven't really met them.
You just kind of...
You rolled up on a farm.
You killed a fucking ghost that was haunting the farm.
And then you're like, well, I'm going to take this farm now.
Potato basket!
Does this seem kind of diminishing?
Like we used to be fighters, and you had like ambitions.
Look me in the eye and say that you're happy right now.
I can't tell you that.
There's one rival farmer, Kettemene.
Kett...
Alright.
We should make friends with her and learn to farm better.
We hear a knock at the door?
Yeah.
It's a raccoon man.
Glad you're settling in.
You do owe a lot of money for this property.
I hear a fire.
That tree is on fire.
And arguing about that wraith is a woman who looks like a druid.
And she's yelling at a small mole.
I go, hey, what's the beef?
You want to take care of this mole, get him off my back.
Alright, well, I think I can settle this.
This is our property.
The mole's pissed and leaves.
You know about the church of Korlax?
I'm a worshipper.
I want to, like, I'll do anything,
other than just fucking grow a potato.
Holding me,
Schumers.
Why do we become farmers?
We should become musicians.
I'm willing to give that a try.
We'll go down to the town,
and we'll see if there's any music.
Jobs?
That's a story.
I'm so inspired.
Baby Schumers.
Baby Schumer.
That didn't help me at all.
I'm more confused than I was before that play.
It jacked some memories for me.
We were living on a potato farm.
I had a stroke.
We were about to go to town and see if there were any music jobs.
Yeah.
Now imagine what it would have been like to hear that
like the week after you did those events, huh?
Wouldn't that be crazy?
Yeah, it would make me mad.
Okay, I examine my surroundings.
You're in the farmhouse,
the farmhouse where you live.
You were out farming.
Oh boy, you didn't like it.
You hated it, especially Jeff.
Everyone else was kind of fine with it.
Yeah, but I want to go get into adventures.
Yeah.
You guys talked about how you might want to just become a music band
and try and do that for money.
Do you guys want to become a music band for money?
Like Troubadours?
Are we near a town?
You're in a town.
You belong to a town.
I walk into the local tavern that might host musical events.
There's a local tavern.
Okay, I go into that musical tavern.
All right, you do that.
Are you guys doing that too?
I'm going to putter around the kitchen for a little bit.
How much money do we have?
Functionally none.
Maybe like 200 gold or something.
Are potatoes worth anything?
You haven't sold them yet.
The harvest isn't complete.
You just started to get some.
We've been eating them.
They're too good not to.
We're so good at it.
What's the tavern called, Spencer?
The Creaky Grieve.
I go to the Creaky Grieve and I ask for the manager.
You see the tavern keeper.
His name's Cool Dennis.
Oh, shit.
It's coming back to me now.
Yeah, you last saw him at a different tavern.
Hey, Cool Dennis.
My friends and I are working kind of a new musical act.
You guys have like an open mic night or an open spot?
Oh, yeah.
We got this little stage up here.
People can throw small denominations of coins at you.
Okay, we're pretty thin on the coin
so we could maybe use that money.
What do you play?
I play tambourine and so does everybody else.
It's the first all tambourine trio.
We only have one tambourine so we just pass.
We pass around.
It was sounding cool until that part.
I was like, oh, that is kind of cool.
But then it's like now it's a shared chamber.
Yes, we're just slowly out of our luck wayward adventurers
that are trying to farm potatoes.
But we got the tambourine, but I got to tell you,
it's the harmonies, which is the real show grabber.
Sure.
Well, I'm no talent scout.
If you want to grab whatever instruments and come in tonight,
that sounds like a thing you could do.
Okay, go ahead.
I'm at the house.
What time is it?
Let's say it's 11 a.m.
The day after the events of the last episode we played.
Okay.
Is Diarrhea Jr. at the house?
Yeah, unless he leaves.
I'm still at the house.
Diarrhea.
Yes.
Let's head out of town and meet up with Chad.
I just want to lock down the farm,
make sure we're not leaving any animals open.
We should sew up those animals.
All right.
Well, you don't have to.
I knew it farming.
We did harvest that cow for meat.
No, you did.
We did it.
I mean the pins and the barns and shits.
Let's close it up.
Yeah, just bumper crop of sarcasm.
All right.
I've shuttered the kitchen.
Did you check the corral?
Yeah, pin.
Everyone's good.
Everything's locked up.
The potatoes are all tucked in.
All right.
Let's head down to the town.
Let's head on down.
Should we take horses?
Yeah, I love horses.
Do we own horses?
I think you have one horse from the past.
Why don't you take the horse?
No, no, we could ride it together.
Okay.
I'm pretty light.
All right.
I'll get on the back.
Okay.
We get on the horse and we ride to town.
You get on the horse.
Oh, it doesn't like that.
What?
It starts bucking under your legs.
Well, is it because there's two of us?
It's because you rolled low.
Oh, I'll get off.
I'll get off too.
We both get off.
I start stroking the horse's head and I'm like, hey, man, it's us.
Don't don't even don't even trip.
We love you.
We love where horse people.
It's us, the people that sit on you all the time.
Yeah.
We're your friends.
We're never going to go away.
Don't pay attention to the low rolls.
Think about those high rolls.
We're going to sit on you for the rest of your life.
We love we love you.
Here's a carrot.
Can I give it a carrot?
Where did you get a carrot?
Can I give it a potato?
Yeah, you could give it a potato.
I gave it a potato.
All right.
It loves it.
It calms down dramatically.
You like that potato?
Yeah.
Fucking like that potato.
You like that?
Yeah.
You like that potato?
Fucking horse.
Piece of shit.
Fucking thought I loved horses and then you just fucking turn on me.
I hope you like that fucking potato.
It's the last one you're going to fucking get.
God damn.
All right.
Now we double mount that horse.
Yeah.
I would have.
I'm going to face backwards.
Yeah.
Hell yeah.
In case someone comes up on our six.
Makes sense.
Yeah.
You get on the horse.
Back to back.
It's good.
It's great.
Oh.
All right.
We ride a town, baby.
You go to town.
You see the tavern that Jeff walked into and you know he went in.
You also see what's her name.
Coggera.
She was the elf.
I guess she was an elf from the night before and she's like, hey, what's up?
Hey, Coggera.
That's a cool way to ride a horse.
Yeah.
Should we get some of the audience play Coggera?
No.
Should we get someone from the audience to play someone else?
Go ahead.
Yeah.
I mean we can.
I'm fine.
I like the I like the area.
You know.
I like the dye area.
It's Coggera, the girl that was fighting the the race.
Yeah.
With the thing in the yard.
That was some real spooky stuff you had going on there.
Oh, yeah.
That's just, you know, my job.
I'm a druid.
We keep the balance.
That thing was out of balance.
Yeah.
I used to adventure.
Damn.
Well, then I took an arrow in the knee.
It's a little video game reference.
What game is it a reference to oblivion?
Oh, okay.
Elder Scrolls.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Oh.
Hey guys.
Hey.
Oh.
Oh, Dyeria and Carlos.
Carlos.
Which is not a Freaks and Geeks reference.
I got us a gig on Thursday nights playing some music for some for some coin.
Oh, nice.
Did they say they would pay?
Or is it an open mic?
Yeah.
I guess the offering is that they would throw money at us.
We get to keep whatever they throw on the table.
I mean, to be quite honest, I kind of miss the adventuring and I kind of miss the swash
buckling and the daring do.
You guys play instruments?
Who are you?
Kagura.
Oh, Kagura.
I don't have a character.
Yeah.
We share a tambourine.
We do.
You should get your own instruments.
Then you could like be masters of the craft.
Bards.
Do you know someone that has instruments?
I know someone who can make wood into magical shapes.
What?
It's me.
You're a bard?
I'm a druid.
I can, I can craft wood.
I can, I can like tell this seedling to like turn into a fucking loot.
Really?
Oh yeah.
Bullshit.
I take a seedling.
I find a seedling on the ground and I go turn this into a loot.
Well, that won't work.
What you just said that you could do that.
I can do that.
But what?
I rolled.
She's not easily manipulated.
That's not the that's not the right kind of seedling.
I can do it for you, but I don't just, you know, do my magic powers for free.
What?
We're kind of low on the dough right now.
You can't turn potatoes into anything.
Can you?
I, oh, you want to believe what I could turn potatoes into.
If you turn potatoes into a band's worth of instruments, one hundred percent of your overhead
is covered.
That's for sure.
And plus we can pay you in potatoes on top of your expense DJ.
Lay some potatoes on car and let's, let's, let's, let's get this course, but check out
these potatoes.
Whoa.
Look at these.
Yeah.
Look at those.
They're all knobbly.
Okay.
We're learning.
We made them ourselves.
Okay.
What do you want these to be turned into?
I want a doghouse base.
Okay.
Is a loot.
Uh, Ocarina.
Now that, that I don't even need to use magic.
What?
You just know how to make them?
Yeah.
You just carve holes in a potato.
That is what it is.
A sweet potato.
I like to think that I made my instruments.
So yeah, yeah, potato, Ocarina.
Let's do it.
Okay.
Potato.
Ocarina.
I, but you guys, you got to do me a favor first, you know, I don't just like do do spells
for no one.
Nope.
What kind of favor are we talking?
No quid pro quo.
Well, as you know, as you may already know, I live in a tree, right, and the tree is recently
besieged by monsters, what kind of monsters?
Feral hogs.
Oh, damn.
But these are no ordinary feral hogs.
They're extraordinary.
In what way?
They're harder to kill and they do crazy stuff that you wouldn't expect a feral hog to do.
So what do you want us to do?
Kill them.
Are we carrying any of our weapons?
No, those have been locked away in the closets of your farmhouse because you don't use them
for farming.
Can you turn potatoes into weapons?
Yeah, I can.
How much does that cost?
If you use them primarily for the quest, I could do those.
I could do those right now.
I could do you for hand grenades, but what you could turn potatoes into hand grenades.
Yeah.
Do you ever bake a potato without poking holes in it?
It's kind of like that.
Do I still have my native druid fire abilities?
Yeah, yeah, you have a produce flame and like a scorching beam.
I take a potato and I use my fire to bake a potato.
You do that.
Oh boy, it looks so delicious and it only takes one hour.
That's what magic does for you.
Are you trying to prove that we don't need her?
I mean, I'm just trying to be active.
Wow, this guy can't keep it together.
She's like, I can make you a potato hand grenade.
Okay, okay, cool.
I could bake a potato.
It's like baking a potato and you're like, I'd take a potato and bake it, like you're
all over the place.
I just want to be...
This guy needs to get his energy out on those boars.
Yeah.
Okay, well, this is what we got to do.
Here we go.
So, Kogara, what's her name?
Kogara.
Kogara, make us some potato grenades.
All right.
I'll come back in an hour for the one that I'm baking and then let's go out there and
kick a little feral hog dick.
All right, I'll meet you by the tree and here's a map I'm drawing on the dirt to show you
where it is.
Is our house on the way because we could, John Wick, pull a little bit, you know?
Yeah, we could.
Break open those cabinets, put on those outfits.
Yeah, they're all buried in the floor.
They mess with the wrong guy.
How far away is our crib?
It's pretty close.
Okay, let's go strap up and get our weapons and we'll meet you back at the tree, Kogara,
and potato grenades and all, and we're going to have our own weapons ready to rock.
That sounds good.
Okay.
Thanks for the map.
Oh, yeah.
It's more powerful than us, why couldn't she take care of her own hogs?
Do you think she feels sorry for us?
Is this like a thing like, like, like give a homeless guy a job?
I think she's just lazy.
You don't think she like sees us as self-esteem risks?
Like, like, like, she's like, oh, jeez, these guys are, I think she sees us as disposable.
Like why not just use hired labor to go out and do some dirty work?
No.
Well, let's show her what we're made of because we're not potato farmers.
That was never us.
We're potato musicians.
Our heart was never in that.
We're tambourine players, and now we're going to go show her what's the fucking real deal.
We're going to, we're going to grab our weapons.
Oh, am I keeping you up?
Carlos, do you need a nap?
It is true.
We had to, we had a screening, the Rick and Morty offices, a real emotional depleter.
I forgot my Adderall this morning.
I'm really, really ready to take a nap.
Daria, what's up with Carlos?
He's fucking.
He's fucking gibberish.
He's fucking nonsense.
What do you think he is?
What's a Rick and Morty?
Are they his old partners that he lost?
Adderall?
What?
It might be his old flame.
It could be.
All right.
We walk back to the Ghostbusters firehouse that is our potato farm.
I forget what my primary weapon is, Spencer.
Do you recall?
I think you usually just shoot fire.
Okay.
Spencer, I punch holes in the floorboards with my fists.
Holy shit.
I can see your resolve.
Someone's talking about a Baba Yaga somewhere.
Man, I just watched John Wick 3.
That movie was good.
I liked it.
I haven't seen it yet.
My friend didn't like it, but I like it.
I've never seen any John Wick's.
The first one's good.
The second one's less good.
Third one's good.
Really?
What's the premise?
What is a John Wick?
What does it?
What does he do?
Well, he tries to get out, but they keep pulling him back in.
The first one introduces you to the idea that there's a John Wick.
And the second one is like, of course, there's lots of John Wick's and like John Wick has
to, there's like hotels where you can stay if you're a John Wick.
Is he a spy?
Is he a super power?
He's an assassin.
There's a whole, it's just sort of like a, there's an eighth grade boy realm to the universe
where everyone's an assassin.
Your waiter's an assassin.
The people he's waiting on are assassins.
They only don't assassinate each other because no one's paying them to, and there's some
code where you're staying at the Waldorf Astoria and you're not allowed to assassinate.
John Wick does anyway, because he really wants someone dead and then El Swear Engine is like,
do you realize what you've done?
God damn it, if we do a John Wick three, you're going to fight the world.
And then everyone in New York looks at him and they're all like assassins.
And I swear to God, that's how John Wick 2 ends with John Wick, like El Swear Engine
from Ian McShane.
It goes, he goes, I'll give you a 10 second head start.
And then John Wick starts walking and as the credits are going to start rolling, it's
like this music is swelling as Keanu Reeves is walking past everyone in New York and there's
like a guy in a cowboy hat with an eyepatch looking at him and talking into his cuff.
And then there's like an old woman with a dog and the dog's eyes roll back and two guns
come out.
It's like this music is building like John Wick 3 is either never going to get shot or
that movie is going to be fucking insane, because the second one was, I want to use
the word retarded, but I honestly think retarded people will be like, that's fine.
They'd be like, I don't because I don't know what other word like applies and my sister's
retarded.
So like and she I think if she saw John Wick, she'd be like, yeah, that's retarded.
I really do because at one point he goes to a guy named the Somalia who you get your weapons
from this guy.
Somalia.
Yeah, his his gimmick is he talks about weapons like he's a waiter like so he goes like would
you like something like something to go with the fish, but he's like holding a gun.
But here's the crazy thing.
There's no one else around and there's nothing but guns everywhere, so there's no point in
using a code.
And then he says like guy you go to he just refer to everything was like he takes out a
ego and how about some pineapple dessert and it's like a hand grenade and like why is he
making this harder than it has to be.
It goes both ways because he's like I'm going to need something for an after dinner jacket
or something and then he pulls out a gun and he's like this is a clock p twenty two or
whatever.
It's like you said you say what type of gun this is and then you go back into weird like
assassin creed and everybody pays each other with like these weird sand dollars from ancient
g g g like stonehenge that have needles in them and you like close them on your palms
and you have got a little John Wick blood in a sundial and that means that you work
for someone and these are good movies or I like the first.
Did you like the first one?
I like the I like the first one as much as everybody else did and I I honestly I watched
the second one by myself and I was like look at least this movie ain't lying to itself.
Yeah, I watched the first one.
I was like this is like maybe a perfect movie like this is so good and then the second one.
I was like this is not what I wanted.
I watched them back to back and I was going to be a lot of planes coming up and I should
I watch number one and I'd say watch all of them and skip number two or do I just feel
like I like I kind of like number two more than number why I feel like number one took
itself a little too seriously given what all it was was just kind of shooting a million
people in the head.
And like this walking dead CG blood coming out and like I was like like the whole movie
is just like they do them wrong in the beginning because they don't know he's John Wick and
then like the only threshold is that the bad guy in the movie that's older says to his
son you did what to who do you know who this guy is he's John Wick.
We used to call him the wick you know why he's never lit but once he is no mosquitoes
come around whatever but it's like his son's like I don't fucking care I'm uncockado care
let him come and he's like you won't see him coming and then there's no conflict the rest
of the movie is just counter he's going from fucking place to place it's like people are
like hey that's far enough let me frisk you okay and then like the last guy of like a
hundred guys in that warehouse it's like where is the next building full of people it's it's
a block away it's it's a bathhouse it's a bathhouse and he's thanks shoots him in the
head and then he cuts to like a Greek guy going like I'm telling you anyways to continue
my conversation you don't know who this guy is and then it cuts to fucking bathhouse
I swear that's the whole fucking movie so the whole movie is act to yes and then and
then and then like the bad guy is just like his dad yelled at him enough where he gets
it that's the other thing is like he's not like walking Phoenix and gladiator where
he's like fuck you old man I'll deal with you know like I'm he's like the guy the kid
is like okay it sounds like I fucked up also the dad's like really hard to kill and he's
gonna come kill me and so the kid just like sits in a fucking ninth warehouse and he's
just like there waiting what what are the stakes like how do you take John Wick down
or you just don't you don't obviously don't shoot you in the head and yeah he just shoots
everyone in the head and then John Wick just that's why I like John Wick to a little better
because at least it's like the movie seems to agree a little bit more that everything
is like as I said although I won't keep using the word it starts with an R but like it it
just seemed like the movie and you are in the same page for John Wick to where it's
like yeah it beats government work right I watching the movie yeah what if I'm on a
plane and I want to just start with number three is that a bad idea I think it's a great
idea I mean you could do it but I think it's yeah I don't know what he does a lot of stuff
that doesn't quite make sense if you don't know what's happening I I asked the writer's
assistant and Rick and Morty when a couple months ago he said I saw John Wick 3 I said
so they do they make good on the promises of John Wick 2 or this is like the whole world's
an assassin and he's like yeah I don't know who makes their food which is what I wanted
to hear you can't get an Uber like it's just everyone's yeah oh you can get an Uber but
it'll be the Uber mmm I make a five stars well I recommend you drop me off before my
destination oh clever what was the story and stop me if I told it before about the Peter
O'Toole's being interviewed and he didn't have done a film with Keanu Reeves and and
someone it's the interviewer said like what was it like working with them and he goes
well can you and and the interviewer says it's Keanu and he goes yes but one gets the
idea I don't care how you say it Peter O'Toole one gets the idea I mean that's so awesomely
dismissive all right so are we back at the farm I mean can we retrieve our weapons now
we're back at the crib right yeah oh wait I punch him you punch open the floor board
the floor his weapons can we do the gag where he's punched he punches through the floor and
it's like all the music's mounting and then in the background of the shot I'm opening
a cabinet and that's all and then I hand him his stuff well then what's in the floorboards
right that's the joke no I know what is oh it's my it's my so church of the silver flame
chain mail oh well yeah okay well then that's great yeah yeah don't I don't I have like
a staff like a like a chilele kind of yeah I think you got a chilele yeah and that cast
magical Donna chilele I just get that and whatever my knapsack holds in terms of you
know food and tools and whatnot yep you get those you might have a knife too but yeah
you usually just shoot fire I think I guess the joke one version of the joke I'm not really
a joke writer but really he's paint he punches through the floor he's just there's always
punching through the floor the music suggests that there's gonna be something under there
and then I and I open a cabinet and I hand him a bundle of his stuff and he looks at
it and he's like I thought I thought you were gonna put it into the floorboards and I'm
like why why would I do that like like what a horrible way his his his another another
pitch well like while he's punching holes in the floor and you not you Carlos and I don't
understand why he's doing that we get our weapons out and including his right that we
keep in our weapon cabinet right yeah and and then we walk over to him and we hand him
wood and tools to repair the floor that he broke for no reason yeah what if what if that's
what we'll come out of our security what if that's what that's what he pulls like hammers
and nails in all these places he puts them back that's way better than what he reaches
in and pulls out wait he goes okay here's here's here it is there's a little lateral
but like he he he punches through the floorboards and then so far it's been so straightforward
while he's doing it like I open up the cabinet and I pull out like three bundles of stuff
and the third bundle I put in front of him and he's like he's just finished like punching
through the took a while to break through and as he finishes I put the his stuff in front
of him he goes what's that I go it's your stuff and he goes what's down here and he
reaches down and pulls up floorboards lumber and nails yeah okay you fucking stuff that
you're gonna use to fix the floor yeah okay I think I think we got that joke locked down
this one what do you what do you guys think I think you saved the picture this one's way
worse but just to say it like he opens up he opens up the floor and he pulls out a box
and there's all these like golden assassin coins in it and then you you put down the
weapons and then Steve like puts the coin in like a quarter machine and bubble gum comes
out and he just choose it and it's like he was just doing that he was just trying to
get some gum I said it was worse but I think it's better than yours or like he punches
the floor and then what he pulls out is a book that says like dealing with stress anger
management stupid wait don't don't wrap your hands don't we have a cowster killer what
are we doing yeah pigs pigs hogs like I he punches through the floor and then he pulls
out of he he he pulls out a book that says anger management and he goes like and we pull
out a book from the cabinet that says carpentry and we're like but also down there there's
a book that says how to kill feral hugs oh yeah that we didn't know was there we go okay
let's read that on our way back to the village and kill kill some feral hogs we're not going
back to the village right the map which is the map take us yeah it's nearby the village
but it's we're going to the tree all right we're suiting up I'm putting on my rope belt
my burlap robe I'm my clerical cudgel I'm doing the silver flame five pointed genuflect
is doing the kind of our all hail your glimmering majesty your oxygen rich flame burn eternally
throughout the atmosphere may you purify those with your heat that cannot be purified by
shadow amen I go down and explore the hole that diarrhea junior made there's lumber and
nails and stuff okay oh I come back up you do that you're not laughing why aren't you
laughing Spencer up what was down there wasn't funny I do take just because I have a spare
pocket I take a couple nails just in case because any adventure that goes into a dangerous
situation if you get disarmed you won't have something in your pocket you use as a weapon
you never know when you have to home alone exactly I might I might have to Macaulay Culkin
some some Joe Peaches and I'm like hey hey let those are for the joke all right well the
joke the joke the jokes the joke landed yeah the joke I think we nailed that joke oh yeah
oh maybe we should maybe we should open the cellar and let all of these Cormac McCarthy
the road cannibal people out of the basement it's cannibal victims it just sounded like I
don't know they're groaning I just was imagining if it was we already nailed it we had like
that we have a we have a pit of people that are like amputees down there the funny thing
is I didn't mean that pun that was totally accidentally I did not intend that at all
all right back to the to the to the people that in the hogs you do that wait I wanted
to I threw a couple lumbars in my bag okay for later numbers and I've suited up I'm
suited up like a like a fucking Avenger you got your stuff and it's like two six foot
long planks yeah yeah let's fucking go it's good all right off to the tree off to the
tree to kill some feral hogs three I'll bring my hand he's brought nails and you're bringing
I'll bring him a hammer just wait till you see I got planned for these fucking point
okay so we're going back to it so Kagura what's your name Kagura Kagura her tree is being
infested by ghostly feral hogs not ghostly just feral just regular feral hogs oh they're
yeah they're extraordinary all right so you just like level one huh guys remember just
like level one killing hogs how many hog skins can we collect you know yeah how about some
hog toenails this feels good yeah okay wow we arrive at the tree I hope yeah you get to
the tree it's in a clearing like there's there's not trees right nearby it's kind of like standing
alone like creating its own space and there's all these trees you see tons of scratch marks
on the tree from you know pigs maybe and up at the top of the tree you can see it goes
up real high and you can't see where Kagura is but when you get there a bunch of mouths
appear on the tree like around the perimeter and they say oh you're here what's up check
down there there's the potato but the grenades oh cool there's four or five whatever I budget
what's up here mouths on the on the tree as if by magic and like a harry potter kind
of thing more or less more than canons uncanny intercom system got you magic mouth I take
a couple grenades potato grenades you do that you take all of them oh boy I took all of
them let me know when you guys are ready what what what are you like gonna open the flood
gates on us I'm gonna I'm gonna do a pig call oh oh oh yeah yeah you're like you're like
Raiden are you guys ready combat I like what's my spell Spencer where I can just make my
hands like balls of fire there's produced flame and then you have another that lets you throw
three flames then you have another one that lets you just shoot like a fire beam of some
sort I choose the I produce fire you do that you're producing two fires you're holding
fires like the human torch right I'm ready I have my sword out ready to fight all right
heavenly flame be silver among myself reflect on the sins that we do and they begin us make
the shadows perish in front of your holy light may you purify the world as you purify my
soul may the silver flame burn eternally we're ready all right the the mouths on the on the
tree start oinking madly how they're oinking what does it sound like oink oink oink oink
like that okay that tracks yeah a bunch of pigs come charging through like not a bunch
the first wave of pigs it says wave one there's five pigs I pull the pin on my first potato
grenade and I throw it toward the pigs you do that oh boy what could happen yeah what
could happen I got a roll cyber dice oh boy this is yeah it's a it they're digital dice
but they look like they can land cocked which is insane to me cock means it's between two
sides gotcha yeah all right it hits all the pigs whoa I got I got a roll I over react
flash damage how many pigs were there there were five pigs and they each take sixteen
damage whoa now these potato grenades yeah that should just about do them right that
did those ones oh man those pigs explode and their blood sprays all over your bodies oh
yeah yeah you shower that burns like acid oh shit oh is it because it was so hot at first
now it's actually hot I'm burning I kosher kosher a five I cast a spilkis on tonam miss
you're gonna end this shenanigans all right you get covered in blood just just DJ just
DJ he got 13 damage for my blood they got acid blood like aliens hey why these pigs
got acid blood they're feral yeah I California can I throw my fireballs yeah but these ones
are dead but wave to I don't do the wave to is coming yeah you see three pigs coming
these are twice the size of the last pig fireball all right I don't think you have proper fire
ball okay well fire I throw I throw some fires oh you throw them this is a craziest dice app
I've ever had all right you hit both of them yeah and you do 14 damage yeah are they in
a mobile pork units they are mobile park are they on fire no they just their tough skin
gets charred and it smells like bacon actually they each take seven damage because you hit
one fire at each of them and one of them doesn't get hit but then the pigs they kind of rear
up on two legs and you can see in their stomach there's a giant toothy ma and then they kind
of bend over backwards all weird horror style so the ma is like up like like a snapping
mouth and they're kind of like twisted backwards like body horror shit we got fucking 1985
the thing pigs you're up Carlos we just do your best Cronenberg cows turn pigs pigs
yeah that's not a thing yeah okay so how many we looking at right now three three three
horror pigs three or extraordinary what's the distance what's the range that were between
us oh they're close now they're 15 feet all right I cast a righteous circle around my
compatriots buffing their combat skills and increasing their confidence all right you
you consecrate the area for our listeners who didn't see that Dan just put his glasses
on while he said that in a very nonchalant kind of groovy professorial way that happens
the pigs attack they god fuck they miss they all miss why are you mad why are you on their
side it's just sad when nothing happens you know they bite at you with their big jaws
but I guess even though this is potentially their true form they're not really agile and
you find it easy to dodge out of their snapping mouths damn Carlos I'm feeling so confident
right now I'm feeling really really hot I'm some hot diarrhea right now so hot I pull
out of another potato grenade I unpun it and I attempt to throw it directly into the underbelly
mouth all right just full of confidence oh boy you miss you hit behind them and they only
take half damage which is six okay whose turn is it right it could be your turn okay I take
up my chilele and I shoot a fire bolt at one of the pigs all right which one the one that
has more damage or less I think the strongest one all right you missed this fucking thing
you start a fire is it in the field no it's in the it's in the it's on a shrubbery next
to the end of the clearing cause light wounds oh yeah they each get scraped do harm you
do do harm you do eight damage to one of the pigs yeah oh boy it fray it shrivels is
that this one is one of the three so we got two up oh yeah it's exciting one down all
right did someone order a dead pig I did good here's your order
whose turn is it I think Steve maybe do we get another round yeah we're in combat baby
are all right I pull out my sword and I swing it yeah yeah I'm so confident I'm gonna you
see you seem extra confident right now yeah actually you know before I do this I rip off
my shirt take my sword out and my shield and I do that special sword shield attack you know
what's special about it I don't know is on my character sheet okay you do it you hit
it with your sword and then your shield the sword hits the shield doesn't do damage because
it's like a shield you smack it but it doesn't seem very bothered by it but your sword hits
the other one for three three six damage three six no six six damage it takes six damage
and it's fine it's like I love this my turn no it's the pigs turn it's like an Adams family
pig he likes loves getting hit with a shield all right the pig attacks Steve and it bites
you with its eldritch mouth oh no dealing 16 damage are you done you might be dying I
think I'm not healthy have I don't it was over 30 okay but I'm at I'm lost 30 hell yeah
we've now lost 30 so so you're not dying I mean you know he's dying he's on the ropes
I think he's the how on the ropes it's okay I'm a cleric that's true I take my do I have
a short bow yeah I take short bow and I and I fire off how many can I fire off at once
just one or one okay I fire off a short bow it means you fucker I just this dice app it's
never given me problems before I heal diarrhea you heal him for seven damage he casts Pepto
abismo arise young soldier I have a plan guys okay we each take a potato grenade oh pull
the pin throw it together three just like let's get rid of these guys let's do it together
as a team love with the music in our hearts and the confidence in our bosom all right
all right okay I take a potato grenade you do that Carlos me to you count of three on
the count of three one two see in the other side gentlemen three throw they all explode
killing the pigs with explosions yeah oh boy did it but then all these trees start toppling
over and you see a fifteen foot tall pig it's got it's got big armor plates and crab claws
and it's breathing fire oh god what yeah oh Jesus we need like we how big is it fifteen
feet fifteen feet at the shoulder okay select twice the size of a horse maybe is this is
it possible to attack it from the inside kind of like drax and guardians of the galaxy it's
pot sure that's possible where's a ten year old kid with a handgun when you need him remember
that kid that shot hot hogzilla what's what's another spell for a Spencer what's another
spell you have Google hog here huh what was what's hogzilla giant fucking pig the size
of a goddamn like SUV it was like yeah do you see that picture yeah everyone thought
it was fake because it looks like a photoshop thing and it killed it gigantic pit yeah there's
like a kid shot it with a handgun damn I mean he probably needed to the thing was the size
of a submarine like he didn't he he probably did a good thing you're not worried about
the giant fifteen foot armor plated crab pig in front of us I'm feeling it mission accomplished
as far as a big life goes once you get to the size of a bus it's like you don't I'm
talking about the one that's in front of us right now oh I thought I thought you're Carlos
stay in the fucking game baby are you you guys never heard of simulation theory you
don't you don't think it's possible that we're all just in some weird tabletop game
okay no way man I think so we're playing for life I think simulation theories like compelling
evidence that like religions are still possible like you could still be all like ah you know
what's happening there's everyone's hands everyone's actually hands and that's my religious
belief and people feel like maybe that sounds great fireballs you hit you hit the underside
of it you hit like you you hit the gas canister on the underside of it and it blows up like
in a crazy explosion what this pig was a robot cliff hangers thank y'all Steven Spielberg
is our guest next week sorry sorry you just got a bad show no it was fun it was fun give
it up for Zach Nolan church see leave me everybody Game Master Fabuloso Spencer Crittenden I am
your Comptroller Jeff Davis your mayor Dan Harmon thank y'all for coming drive fast and
take chances that could it be down did you get any of that
it's a good show